= project_euler

A ruby implementation of the Project Euler problems.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Harry Steinhilber, Jr.. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

== What is this?
From the Project Euler[http://projecteuler.net] home page:

Project Euler is a series of challenging mathematical/computer programming problems
that will require more than just mathematical insights to solve. Although mathematics
will help you arrive at elegant and efficient methods, the use of a computer and
programming skills will be required to solve most problems.

The motivation for starting Project Euler, and its continuation, is to provide a
platform for the inquiring mind to delve into unfamiliar areas and learn new concepts
in a fun and recreational context.

== So what is *this* then?
This project is just my humble attempt at solving the Project Euler problems using
the Ruby programming language. This is an attempt for me to use Ruby in a realistic
way to solve real problems. Along the way, I hope to learn more about Ruby and RSpec
for writing executable specifications of the project problems. 

== Can I use this?
Well, your are more than welcome to use any of the code in this project per the terms
of the MIT license, but remember that the point of Project Euler is learning, and we 
don't learn through copy and paste! Also, I can't guarantee that any of my solutions 
will be very efficient. I do intend to ensure that I at least get the correct answers 
by verifying them on the Project Euler site, though.
